The Listening first series of stereo
headphones by Calif own are developed to
be worn
specifically by younger children and are
available in six different choices there
is the yellow red and blue solid colored
theme and the animal has a panda tiger
or bear and here's the bear closed up
the headphones are rugged and made for
daily use and describe the cord from the
bottom up so to speak
all of them feature this unique right
angle plug which resists accidental
pullout you can see their additional
flex joints built right in for for wear
there's also reinforced entry into the
ear cup minimizing accidental pullout
the ear cups themselves or ABS plastic
as we described are made specifically
for younger children they are smaller
you can see by means of comparison with
our standard monaural headphone how much
smaller the ear cups are but they are
still over the ear which is the optimal
ambient noise reduction to help keep
students on task and minimize
distractions the ear cups themselves or
the ear have this slotted baffle and
that prevents accidental access to the
inner speaker they're adjustable the
only functional difference between the
solid-colored and the animal is the
animal feature this inline volume
control whereas the solid-colored do not
can purchase the blue in a pack of 12
with a foam lined storage case or a pack
of 12 of the animal themes is also
available which comes with four of each
of the three different choices for more
information on the listening first
series of stereo headphones please visit
our website
or contact your authorized California
seller